what's happening everybody so I just got
home from the gym and hold on now I need
a haircut I'll be back later what do you
guys think
pretty clean looking good all right
let's get into the discussion so a few
nights ago I made a periscope broadcast
talking about how to recover after you
binge well I think a good place to start
is talking about the binge usually it
starts off with you you're pretty hungry
you've eaten all your food for the day
or you counted all your macros and you
don't have any more food left to eat but
you're still pretty hungry so you start
thinking you know what if I just have
one scoop of ice cream I just want one
scoop of ice cream that way I can get
rid of the craving and I can go about my
night not being so miserable you soon
actually start to talk yourself into
overeating you you rationalize reasons
why it's totally okay oh well you know
I've been doing pretty good on my diet
so I think my body deserves a treat you
know it's been a pretty long time and I
have not ice cream for a while so this
will be okay so you go on over you get
you one scoop and you eat it and then
you sit there like I want more so you go
get a few more scoops and a few more
scoops and by the end of it you done ate
the whole tub at this point
well the dopamine that's rushing to your
head
you're actually not too upset but then
you also think man I've already messed
up my diet might as well order a pizza
yeah hey how's it going um let me get a
1 um small pepperoni pizza and that's it
that's all I want yeah just one small
pizza
you know actually let me
get um let me get like eight chicken
wings
yeah eight barbecue barbecue huh twelve
twelve twelve barbecue yep yep with some
ranch yeah to rage this the cinnamon
sticks yeah with the with the dipping
sauce to the like like three of them
three of the icings yeah element let me
get like three of those and that's it
might as well make that Pizza large
thanks
so you've eaten a whole tub of ice cream
pizza right sticks chicken wings
cinnamon sticks icing and you're
contemplating what just happened
alright oh man I'm going to sleep
but first i'ma finish off this uh this
tub of peanut butter
alright before I do any more damage
gonna sleep right after I make some
pancakes and and then I'm done and then
I'm done I'm done
alright so finally after you decided
that you're finally done eating which
for me I have to force myself to go to
sleep if I mess up
it is a garbage disposal and I will just
eat everything so you wake up the next
morning here's a few things that are
gonna happen in the morning number one
you're gonna feel really terrible like
you're gonna not not physically well
sometimes physically but not always but
mainly mentally you're just gonna start
beating yourself up wondering why you
did it
wishing you didn't do it wishing there
was like a reset button to just go back
in time and not do it but there's not
and what's done is done personally when
I wake up I am super hungry
even after I just ate all that food I'm
so hungry
and that is a hard part to get over
because all you're thinking is you've
already screwed up your diet so why not
just screw it up for another day and
another day and sometimes one binge on
one night can turn into weeks of
backtracking the next day you wake up
tell yourself okay
I messed up I messed up but I'm going
back on
DRAQ do not starve yourself that next
day thinking that it will equal it out
like if you don't eat the next day then
you'll be okay do not do that because I
guarantee you the following day you're
just gonna binge again do not go crazy
on cardio the next day because it's
pretty much the same thing as just
starving yourself you're going insane
like on the treadmill running for your
life trying to run away all the food
that you eat the best thing you can
possibly do is pick yourself up hold
your head up high and get back on the
same grind you wear the day before now
this does not mean that you can binge
like three four times a week even more
than twice even you really don't want to
binge at all the best thing you can do
is give yourself a higher calorie day
but plan for it once a week give
yourself a little cheat meal personally
I like to have a refeed day where I just
raise my carbs by about 100 to 150 that
way I know that every seven to nine days
if I have a refeed day I am a lot less
likely to binge because my body refueled
what it needs and I don't feel terrible
and just want ice cream and pizza and I
don't know why I continuously eat jars
of peanut butter but it is so good it's
peanut butter another thing that I like
to do is the day after if I mess up
really bad just because I'm so hungry
and I know how I am I like to kind of
push my first meal back a little bit I
don't like to go straight into eating
right away because since I'm so hungry I
already know my body doesn't need to eat
right away so I'll just push my meal
back a little bit just so that I can get
over that ridiculous hunger that I have
in the morning I'll let that dissipate
to where at lunchtime I'm not
obnoxiously hungry do not starve
yourself the next day stop beating
yourself up you can't ruin everything
you've done in one
it doesn't work like that just get back
on what you were doing continue forward
and continue making progress
honestly just treat it as your cheat day
you had an unplanned cheat day that's
all it was and that's how I started
looking at it if I went a week and I
never had a refeed day but then the next
day I kind of really messed up I just
say I it was an unplanned cheat day
whatever three or four days later after
a big binge your weight goes back to
normal yeah the next day it's gonna
skyrocket just from all the sodium and
water weight that you just gained but
don't freak out about it
it's fine it will go back to normal you
are not the only person that does this I
guarantee you you are not the only
person that has just eaten their entire
kitchen in one night it happens to all
of us try your best to avoid it give
yourself a refeed day give yourself a
cheat meal fight the cravings off but if
it happens it happens and it happens to
all of us I hope this video helped you
guys out if you've ever been Jike crazy
give it a thumbs up because my head
ordered pizza like three nights ago my
bad and if you haven't already please go
ahead and subscribe it really helps me
out and I'll see you guys next time
these